chaduke

medium

# DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.processCollateral() uses ``-values.positionPnlUsd`` instead  of ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd`` to calculate values.pnlAmountForPool.

## Summary
DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.processCollateral() uses ``-values.positionPnlUsd`` instead of ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd`` (maybe due to spelling error) to calcualte values.pnlAmountForPool.    As a result, not only the trader might be relieved from paying the ``values.priceImpactDiffUsd`` penalty, but also making a pool to pay for values.pnlAmountForPool to be negative (sending funds) when it is supposed to be positive (receiving funds). 

## Vulnerability Detail
Consider the execution of a limitDecrease order and the flow ``OrderHander.executeOrder() -> _executeOrder() -> OrderUtils.executeOrder() -> processOrder() -> DecreaseOrderUtils.processOrder() -> DecreasePositionUtils.decreasePosition() -> DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.processCollateral()``:

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L52-L281](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L52-L281)

To illustrate the problem, let's assume ``values.positionPnlUsd = 100000``, and thus at L 76, we also have ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd = 100000`` initially. We have ``values.priceImpactDiffUsd = 110000`` and thus ``collateralCache.adjustedPriceImpactDiffUsd`` = 110000 initially based on L79.

However, after the execution of L79-87, we have ``collateralCache.adjustedPriceImpactDiffUsd = 0`` and ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd = -10000``, which is now a negative value (change from positive).

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L79-L87](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L79-L87)

The main problem lies in the following code: at L123, it uses ``-values.positionPnlUsd`` instead of ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd`` to calculate ``values.pnlAmountForPool``. While ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd = -10000`` incorporates both the original profit and loss as well as the penalty from ``collateralCache.adjustedPriceImpactDiffUsd``.  ``-values.positionPnlUsd`` does not bake in the penalty of ``collateralCache.adjustedPriceImpactDiffUsd`` yet. By using ``-values.positionPnlUsd`` instead of ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd`` to calculate ``values.pnlAmountForPool``, it effectively relieves the user from paying for the ``collateralCache.adjustedPriceImpactDiffUsd``. Moreover, 
``-values.positionPnlUsd`` is negative, so the pool will send funds rather then receiving it (as indicated by the negative value of ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd``. The pool should have received ``10000`` rather than paying 100000. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L113-L118](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L113-L118)

## Impact
DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.processCollateral() uses ``-values.positionPnlUsd`` insteqad of ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd`` to calcualte values.pnlAmountForPool.    

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use ``collateralCache.adjustedPositionPnlUsd`` to calculate  ``values.pnlAmountForPool`` instead.
