rvierdiiev

medium

# Owner can frontrun limit order execution and update it in order to change updatedAtBlock to make execution revert

## Summary
Owner can frontrun limit order execution and update it in order to change updatedAt block to make execution revert. Because of that keeper will not receive execution fee.
## Vulnerability Detail
It's allowed for the owner of limit order [to update it](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L85-L87). At the end this [will change `order.updatedAtBlock` variable](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L104). This variable is important as it's going to check [if keeper provided prices for correct blocks](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/order/IncreaseOrderUtils.sol#L54-L59). 

In case if incorrect oracle blocks provided, then keeper will not receive any execution fee and [transaction will revert](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L237).

Because of that such situation is possible.
1.User creates limit increase position in block 1000. 
2.At block 1010 limit order is triggered.
3.keeper is going to execute order with prices for 1010 block. He executes tx at block 1015.
4.Position owner for any reason frontruns this call and update limit order, so his `updatedAtBlock` becomes 1015.
5.As result execute order transaction will revert and keeper will not be compensated for this work.
## Impact
Keeper will not receive payment.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Maybe update order should delete old one and create updated new one.