rvierdiiev

medium

# SwapUtils._swap doesn't include pool fee into price impact calculation

## Summary
SwapUtils._swap and ExecuteDepositUtils.execute calculate price impact in different ways.
## Vulnerability Detail
`SwapUtils._swap` function does swap in the pool from input to output token.
It calculates price impact of the swap, which can benefit user or punish him.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/swap/SwapUtils.sol#L217-L228
```solidity
        int256 priceImpactUsd = SwapPricingUtils.getPriceImpactUsd(
            SwapPricingUtils.GetPriceImpactUsdParams(
                params.dataStore,
                _params.market,
                _params.tokenIn,
                cache.tokenOut,
                cache.tokenInPrice.midPrice(),
                cache.tokenOutPrice.midPrice(),
                (fees.amountAfterFees * cache.tokenInPrice.midPrice()).toInt256(),
                -(fees.amountAfterFees * cache.tokenInPrice.midPrice()).toInt256()
            )
        );
```
As you can see, `(fees.amountAfterFees * cache.tokenInPrice.midPrice()).toInt256()` is provided as input value to the pool, and `-(fees.amountAfterFees * cache.tokenInPrice.midPrice()).toInt256()` provided as output value.
But also you should know that some [amount of fees were accrued](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/swap/SwapUtils.sol#L191-L196) on provided funds.
These fees were not considered when price impact was calculated.

Also now i want to show how impact is calculated while depositing.
When depositing long/short tokens, then price impact is calculated on [whole amount provided by user](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/deposit/ExecuteDepositUtils.sol#L155-L166) and this price impact [then provided to `_executeDeposit` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/deposit/ExecuteDepositUtils.sol#L179). And later, [fees will be accrued](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/deposit/ExecuteDepositUtils.sol#L237-L242), but price impact is based on whole amount(fees included).
So in this case, whole amount is used to calculate price impact, but in case of swapping, fees are not included in calculation. 

That means that one of the functions calculates impact incorrectly. I think, that when depositing, non-pool fees should not be counted, as this fees will not be in the pool after deposit. I believe that only `feeAmountForPool`, together with `amountAfterFees` should have price impact. Or only `amountAfterFees`. So i believe that ExecuteDepositUtils.execute function calculates price impact incorrectly.
## Impact
Price impact is not correct.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use one way to calculate price impact everywhere.