chaduke

medium

# MarketUtils#getNextFundingAmountPerSize()  uses ``cache.oi.shortOpenInterest`` as the denominator instead of using the subcategory short open interest as the denominator, this  will make the receiving side receives less funds than the amount paid by the payer side.

## Summary
MarketUtils#getNextFundingAmountPerSize()  will calculate the funding that one side (long/short) should pay the other side when the open interests from both side have a difference. However, due to wrong calculation, the receiving side will always receive much less funds than it is supposed to receive. For example, when the receiving side has 50%-50% open interests on long and short collateral, the receiving side will only receive HALF of the collaterals paid by the payer. 

## Vulnerability Detail
MarketUtils#getNextFundingAmountPerSize()  will calculate the funding that one side (long/short) should pay the other side when the open interests from both side have a difference.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L991-L1124C6](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L991-L1124C6)

It follows the following steps:

1. Calculate the difference of open interests from both sides;
2. Calculate the total funding USD (cache.fundingUsd) and which side is payer and which side is payee (``result.longsPayShorts``)
3. Divide the total funding USD into two categories: from long collateral (``cache.fundingUsdForLongCollateral``) or from short collateral (``cache.fundingUsdForShortCollateral``). 
4. Convert USD to amount of collateral by calculating the amount of collateral that needs to be paid. (``cache.fundingAmountForLongCollateral`` AND ``cache.fundingAmountForShortCollateral``)
5. It then calculates ``fundingAmountPerSizeDelta`` for each category: LongCollateral_LongPosition, ShortCollateral_LongPosition, LongCollateral_ShortPosition, and ShortCollateral_ShortPosition.
6. Finally, it calculates the final new ``fundingAmountPerSize`` for each category: LongCollateral_LongPosition, ShortCollateral_LongPosition, LongCollateral_ShortPosition, and ShortCollateral_ShortPosition.

However, step 5 is not done properly since the receiving side will always receive less funds than the amount paid by the payer. Consider the case when the long side needs to pay the short side:

```javascript
cache.fps.fundingAmountPerSizeDelta_LongCollateral_ShortPosition = getFundingAmountPerSizeDelta(cache.fundingAmountForLongCollateral, cache.oi.shortOpenInterest, false);

cache.fps.fundingAmountPerSizeDelta_ShortCollateral_ShortPosition = getFundingAmountPerSizeDelta(cache.fundingAmountForShortCollateral, cache.oi.shortOpenInterest, false);
```
Both cases use ``cache.oi.shortOpenInterest`` as the denominator instead of using the subcategory short open interest as the denominator. This might be a spelling error, the correct ones should use ``cache.oi.shortOpenInterestWithLongCollateral`` and ``cache.oi.shortOpenInterestWithShortCollateral`` as the denominators, respectively.


For example, suppose the long side needs to pay 100 token A and 200 token B to the short side. The short side has open interests of 1000 (500 from long collateral and 500 from short collateral). Instead of using 500 as the denominator for each case. The implementation will use 1000 as the denominator for each case:

1. The ``fundingAmountPerSizeDelta`` for ShortCollateral_ShortPosition would be 100A/1000 = 0.1A.     Positions in ShortCollateral_ShortPosition will receive a total of 0.1A * 500 =50 token A

2. The ``fundingAmountPerSizeDelta`` for LongCollateral_ShortPosition would be 200B/1000 = 0.2B. Positions in LongCollateral_ShortPosition will receive a total of 0.2B * 500 = 100 token B. 

3. In summary the payer needs to pay 100 tokenA and 200 token B, but the receiving side only receives half of it: 50 token A and 100 token B. Half of the tokens would be lost in the contract. 


## Impact
MarketUtils#getNextFundingAmountPerSize() will make the receiving side receives less funds then the paying side. For example, when the open interests for the payee side is even between long and short collateral, the receiving side will only receive HALF of the collateral amount that paid by the payer. 

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of using the total long/short open interest as the denominator for calculating the ``fundingAmountPerSizeDelta``  for the receiving side, use the subcategory open interest (long or short collateral) as the denominator. One caveat we need to consider is that such subcategy open interest might be zero; in this case, one might zero out the payer side on their funding (this is similar to zero out the payer side when the payee does not exist (either long or short open interest is zero). 

