ShadowForce

high

# Limit orders are broken when there are price gaps

## Summary
Limit orders fail to execute when the price becomes worse for the order in the block after the order is submitted.
## Vulnerability Detail
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx-judging/issues/140
> Limit orders require that all oracle-provided prices come from blocks [after](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/order/DecreaseOrderUtils.sol#L134-L156) the order has been submitted. In addition, limit orders's primary and secondary prices are required to straddle the trigger price.

the report details a bug which is not correctly fixed by the protocol team.
the watsons recommendations are as follows 
> Don't [revert](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L253) if both the primary and secondary prices are worse than the trigger price. Use the trigger price as the execution price.

instead the fix employed by the protocol is
> If the primary/secondary prices go well past the trigger price (e.g. due to a price gap), then the order execution will revert, leaving the user exposed to their position, even if they had a valid stoploss set.

the fix still revert transaction the. therefore the fix implemented by the protocol is not sufficient.
## Impact
impact is the same as previous report.
> If the primary/secondary prices go well past the trigger price (e.g. due to a price gap), then the order execution will revert, leaving the user exposed to their position, even if they had a valid stoploss set.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/gmx-io/gmx-synthetics/blob/a2e331f6d0a3b59aaac5ead975b206840369a723/contracts/order/BaseOrderUtils.sol#L203-L304
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
we recommend add fix that is similar to what previous watson has detailed
> Don't [revert](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/OrderHandler.sol#L253) if both the primary and secondary prices are worse than the trigger price. Use the trigger price as the execution price.