chaduke

high

# MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo() does not use !maximize when evaluating impactPoolUsd, leading to wrong logic of maximizing or minimizing the pool value.

## Summary
``MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo()`` does not use ``!maximize`` when evaluating ``impactPoolUsd``, leading to wrong logic of maximizing or minimizing the pool value.

This function is reachable by a withdrawal order to determine the amount of long/short tokens to withdraw, as a result, such amounts might be overesitmated due to the wrong logic in ``MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo()``, leading to possible draining of the pool in the long run!

## Vulnerability Detail
``MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo()`` is used to get the USD value of a pool. It is called in a withdrawal order execution to determine the amount of long/short tokens to withdraw via flow ``WithdrawalUtils.executeWithdrawal() -> _executeWithdrawal() -> WithdrawUtils.executeWithdrawal() -> _executeWithdrawal() -> _getOutputAmounts() ->  MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo()``. Let's look at ``MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo()`` assuming maximize = false. (which is the case in a withdrawl order). That is, we are trying to minimize the pool value. This is understandable since we need to minimize the output amounts of withdrawn tokens in favor of the system. The analysis for the case of maximize = true is similar. 

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L289-L375](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L289-L375)

There are a few items we need to calculate: 

1. longTokenUsd: we pick price longTokenPrice.pickPrice(maximize);
2. shortTokenUsd: we pick price shortTokenPrice.pickPrice(maximize)
3. totalBorrowingFee for the long side, no optimization option.
4. totalBorrowingFee for the short side, no optimization option.
5. impactPoolUsd, indexTokenPrice.pickPrice(maximize) is chosen, which is wrong, since this is to be subtracted from the total Usd value, we need to use  indexTokenPrice.pickPrice(!maximize), just like the next item for calculating Pnl.
6. longPnl and shortPnl, both use the mode ``!maximize`` since both of them will be subtracted from the total value. 

In summary, just like calculating Pnl, we need to use ``indexTokenPrice.pickPrice(!maximize)`` instead of ``indexTokenPrice.pickPrice(maximize)`` to calculate ``impactPoolUsd``. Only in this way, the logic of the input parameter ``maximize`` can be implemented properly.

## Impact

## Code Snippet
getPoolValueInfo() does not use !maximize when evaluating impactPoolUsd, leading to wrong logic of maximizing or minimizing the pool value. As a result, when ``isMaximize`` is true, the returned value is actually not maximized! In the case of withdrawl, a slight overestimation of the output tokens might occur and lead to  possible draining of the pool in the long run!


## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
In function ``MarketUtils.getPoolValueInfo()``
we need to use ``indexTokenPrice.pickPrice(!maximize)`` instead of ``indexTokenPrice.pickPrice(maximize)`` to calculate ``impactPoolUsd``.