rvierdiiev

high

# LiquidationHandler.executeLiquidation doesn't provide slippage to the order

## Summary
LiquidationHandler.executeLiquidation doesn't provide slippage to the order. As result, position will be liquidated and smaller amount can be received to the pool.
## Vulnerability Detail
When position is underwater, then `LiquidationHandler.executeLiquidation` function [can be called](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/exchange/LiquidationHandler.sol#L51-L58). That means that all position's collateral and pnl will be sent to the pool. This will create new liquidation order, and will [provide `DecreasePositionSwapType.SwapPnlTokenToCollateralToken` param](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/liquidation/LiquidationUtils.sol#LL46C19-L46C73), which means that pnl of position should be swapped to collateral token through the market. 
But this liquidation order is created with [0 slippage param](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/liquidation/LiquidationUtils.sol#L53) and that means that pool can receieve less amount after liquidation.

Before this update, gmx team [used `DecreasePositionSwapType.NoSwap` param](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/liquidation/LiquidationUtils.sol#L45), which means that pnl token is not going to be swapped to collateral token and it was not needed to provide slippage. But now, they do swapping, so slippage is needed as well.
## Impact
Pool receives less amount after the swap pnl.
## Code Snippet
Provided above
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
You need to provide slippage to the liquidation call.