dacian

high

# Precision loss to position value & profit/loss calculation when DecreasePositionCollateral.processCollateral() calls PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd()

## Summary
Precision loss occurs to the position value & profit/loss calculation when DecreasePositionCollateral.processCollateral() calls PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd().

## Vulnerability Detail
First note that [BaseOrderUtils.getExecutionPrice() L369-379](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/order/BaseOrderUtils.sol#L369-L379) returns an execution price with division having been performed if ``sizeDeltaUsd > 0``:
```solidity
if (sizeDeltaUsd > 0) {
	price = price * Calc.sumReturnUint256(sizeDeltaUsd, priceImpactUsdForPriceAdjustment) / sizeDeltaUsd;
}

if (shouldPriceBeSmaller && price <= acceptablePrice) {
	return price;
}

if (!shouldPriceBeSmaller && price >= acceptablePrice) {
	return price;
}
``` 
Now examine how this is used in [DecreasePositionCollateral.processCollateral() L65-74](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/DecreasePositionCollateralUtils.sol#L65-L74):
```solidity
(values.executionPrice, values.priceImpactAmount, values.priceImpactDiffUsd) = getExecutionPrice(params, cache.prices, params.order.sizeDeltaUsd());

(values.positionPnlUsd, values.sizeDeltaInTokens) = PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd(
	params.contracts.dataStore,
	params.market,
	cache.prices,
	params.position,
	values.executionPrice,
	params.order.sizeDeltaUsd()
);
```
``values.executionPrice`` will be returned from BaseOrderUtils.getExecutionPrice() with division having already been performed, then it is passed to PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd() as the 5th parameter. Examine [PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd() L167-178](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/position/PositionUtils.sol#L167-L178):
```solidity
function getPositionPnlUsd(
	DataStore dataStore,
	Market.Props memory market,
	MarketUtils.MarketPrices memory prices,
	Position.Props memory position,
	uint256 indexTokenPrice, // values.executionPrice
	uint256 sizeDeltaUsd
) public view returns (int256, uint256) {
	GetPositionPnlUsdCache memory cache;

	// position.sizeInUsd is the cost of the tokens, positionValue is the current worth of the tokens
	cache.positionValue = (position.sizeInTokens() * indexTokenPrice).toInt256();
```
This performs multiplication upon ``indexTokenPrice`` (which is ``values.executionPrice``) that has already had division performed; this results in precision loss on ``cache.positionValue`` due to [Division Before Multiplication](https://dacian.me/precision-loss-errors#heading-division-before-multiplication).

## Impact
``cache.positionValue`` is used to calculate ``cache.totalPositionPnl`` which is used in the final output. Hence this causes loss of precision to the profit/loss calculation in PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd() returned as ``values.positionPnlUsd``, which has many negative effects in DecreasePositionCollateral.processCollateral() including on the swap output.

## Code Snippet
See above

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Refactor to avoid Division Before Multiplication.

## Note To The Judges
Judges please note that this is a completely separate & distinct issue to my other issue ("Precision loss to profit/loss calculation in PositionUtils.getPositionPnlUsd()"). This issue shows another source of precision loss which is distinct from the first one. This issue took independent work, time & tedious effort to find. If you mark this issue as a duplicate and only reward me for the other issue, that will disincentivize me and all future auditors from finding more than 1 precision loss issue which would be a negative outcome to future Sponsors.