chaduke

high

# MarketUtils#getNextTotalBorrowing() calculates the new totalBorrwoing incorrectly.

## Summary
``MarketUtils#getNextTotalBorrowing()`` calculates the new totalBorrwoing incorrectly. The main problem is that it charges the interests on ``nextPositionSizeInUsd`` immediately. As a result, the totalBorrowing is calculated larger than it is supposed to be.


## Vulnerability Detail
Consider the flow ``OrderHandler.executeOrder() -> _executeOrder() -> OrderUtils.executeOrder() -> processOrder() -> IncreaseOrderUtils.processOrder() -> increasePositionUtils.increasePosition()``.

One of the tasks to increase a position is update the new total borrowing by calling  ``PositionUtils.updateTotalBorrowing() -> MarketUtils.updateTotalBorrowing() -> getNextTotalBorrowing()``.
``getNextTotalBorrowing()`` is used to calculate the new ``totalBorrowing`` for the ``isLong`` side based on:  1) ``prevPositionSizeInUsd``,  2)  ``prevPositionBorrowingFactor``, 3)  ``nextPositionSizeInUsd``, and 4)  ``nextPositionBorrowingFactor``:

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L1930-L1945](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L1930-L1945)

However, the above implementation will apply ``nextPositionBorrowingFactor`` to ``nextPositionSizeInUsd`` immediately, meaning that  ``nextPositionSizeInUsd`` will be charged with an interest immediately. This is not right - the interest should only be charged against ``prevPositionSizeInUsd``. 

One can look at the function ``MarketUtils.getBorrowingFees()`` to see how to properly calculate the borrowing fees for a position.

[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L1381-L1387C42](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/market/MarketUtils.sol#L1381-L1387C42)


## Impact
``MarketUtils#getNextTotalBorrowing()`` calculates the new totalBorrwoing incorrectly. The main problem is that it charges fees to new borrowing immediately.  Incorrect internal accounting such as ``totalBorrowing`` will lead to loss of funds.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used
VSCode

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Calculate the new total borrowing with both the change of ``positionSizeInUsd`` and the accrued interest charge ONLY for ``prevPositionSizeInUsd``. Borrowing interests for `` ``nextPositionSizeInUsd`` should not take effect immediately.  
