rvierdiiev

medium

# User's unprofit order can be executed after liquidation or adl occured

## Summary
In case if user has created order to the position and then, just before order execution, liquidation or adl has occured, then execution of current order can be unprofitable for user, but he may not have time to cancel it.
## Vulnerability Detail
When user creates order, then it's stored and will be executed by keeper when all conditions are met.
It's possible that user will create some market/limit increase order to increase his position. And then his collateral price is dropping and liquidation occurs. Or adl operation is occured on user's position. So these cases: liquidation, adl can change user's mind, so he don't want to execute increase order anymore.
But as order already exists in the store, then owner can have not enough time to cancel it, so keeper will execute it and order owner will get additional losses(for example he just wanted to add more collateral, to secure his position, but now his position is liquidated, so he paid fee to deposit colllateral and now he needs to pay fee to withdraw it back).
## Impact
User get additional losses.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-04-gmx/blob/main/gmx-synthetics/contracts/liquidation/LiquidationUtils.sol#L23-L75
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I think that maybe orders of liquidated account should be invalid. It's possible to provide additional variable to position that will track liquidation/adl timestamp, so all previous order are going to be invalid and canceled.